License

By downloading or using the Isovalent Plugin for interoperability between
Isovalent’s open source software offering (“Cilium”), Isovalent’s enterprise
software offering (“Isovalent Cilium Enterprise”) and Grafana Lab’s software
offerings (such Isovalent Plugin, the “Software”), you and, if applicable, the
company or entity that you represent (collectively, “you” or “your”) are
consenting to be bound by and are becoming a party to this License Agreement
(this “Agreement”) with Isovalent, Inc. (“Isovalent”).  If applicable, you
hereby represent and warrant that you are authorized and lawfully able to bind
such company or entity that you represent to this Agreement.  If you do not
have such authority or if you otherwise do not agree to all of the terms of
this Agreement, you may not download or use the Software.

1.  LICENSE GRANT.  The Software is licensed and not sold.  Subject to your
compliance with this Agreement, Isovalent hereby grants you a limited,
personal, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, royalty-free
license to (a) use the Software internally and solely in connection with your
use of Cilium (in connection with Grafana) and (b) distribute the Software to
third parties on a stand-alone basis (and not incorporated in any of your
products) and without charging any fees, subject to their agreement with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.

2.  RESTRICTIONS.  Except as otherwise expressly authorized herein, you will
not directly or indirectly: use, disclose, modify, sublicense, sell, assign,
distribute or otherwise exploit in any manner the Software, including that you
will not directly or indirectly use the Software in connection with any
website, product or service other than Cilium (in connection with Grafana), in
violation of any applicable laws or regulations or otherwise outside of the
scope of the license granted in Section 1.  In addition, you will not directly
or indirectly obtain or attempt to obtain the source code for the Software by
any means, including reverse engineering, decompilation, disassembly,
translation or similar manipulation of the Software, unless and only to the
extent that applicable law in your jurisdiction specifically gives you the
right to do any of the foregoing; and you will not remove any copyright or
other proprietary notices or trademarks or other branding for the Software.
You will protect the confidentiality of the Software using those measures that
you use to protect your most sensitive software and information (which must be
at least reasonable measures), provided that you may distribute the Software
in accordance with the license above.  You will immediately notify Isovalent
of any unauthorized use, access to or disclosure of the Software of which you
become aware.

3.  OWNERSHIP.  As between you and Isovalent, all right, title and interest in
and to the Software, and any copies or portions thereof, shall remain with
Isovalent and its suppliers or licensors. You hereby covenant that you will
not assert any claim that the Software or any modifications or derivative
works thereof created by or for Isovalent or any of its affiliates infringe
any intellectual property right owned or controlled by you or any of your
affiliates.  You understand that Isovalent may modify or discontinue offering
the Software at any time without notice.  The Software is protected by the
copyright and other intellectual property laws of the United States and
international copyright treaties.  Nothing in this Agreement gives you a right
to use any of Isovalent’s trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos,
domain names, or other distinctive brand features.  Isovalent does not grant
any and reserves all rights not expressly and unambiguously granted herein.

4.  SUPPORT AND UPGRADES.  Isovalent has no obligation hereunder to provide
technical support or training to you.  If Isovalent provides you with any
updates, upgrades, patches, enhancements or fixes for the Software that it
makes generally available free of charge in connection with the Software, then
the items that are provided will become part of the Software and subject to
this Agreement, unless indicated otherwise by Isovalent.

5.  INDEMNITY.  You agree that Isovalent shall have no liability whatsoever
for any use you make of the Software.  You hereby agree to indemnify and hold
harmless Isovalent and its affiliates, and each of their directors, officers,
employees and agents, from any and all damages, liabilities, losses, costs,
and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) resulting from third party claims
arising from your use, distribution or other exploitation of the Software.

6.  WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.  ISOVALENT PROVIDES THE SOFTWARE “AS IS” AND “AS
AVAILABLE” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS, FOR ITSELF
AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS, ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, PERFORMANCE,
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF
COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE IN TRADE.  THIS DISCLAIMER
OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THE AGREEMENT.

7.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE, UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL ISOVALENT OR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU
OR ANY OTHER PERSON WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER
ANY CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, WARRANTY OR OTHER LEGAL OR
EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL,
LOSS OF DATA, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES, TECHNOLOGY
OR RIGHTS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, COMPUTER FAILURE OR
MALFUNCTION, OR OTHER DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (US$100), EVEN
IF AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

8.  BASIS OF BARGAIN.  YOU AND ISOVALENT EACH RECOGNIZE AND AGREE THAT THE
WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND LIABILITY AND REMEDY LIMITATIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT
ARE MATERIAL, BARGAINED FOR BASES FOR THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT THEY HAVE BEEN
TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT AND REFLECTED IN DETERMINING THE CONSIDERATION TO BE GIVEN
BY EACH PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE DECISION BY EACH PARTY TO ENTER
INTO THIS AGREEMENT.

9.  TERMINATION.  You may terminate this Agreement and the license granted
herein at any time.  In addition to all other available remedies, this
Agreement and the license granted herein will immediately terminate upon any
breach of this Agreement by you.  Upon termination, you must destroy or remove
from all hard drives, networks, and storage media, all copies and extracts of
the Software.  All remedies for breach, and Sections 2 through 12, shall
survive any termination of this Agreement.

10.  EXPORT.  You shall comply with all laws, rules and regulations of the
Department of Commerce, the United States Department of the Treasury Office of
Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), and other United States or foreign agency or
authority, and not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Software in
violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations.  By downloading or
using the Software or exercising any of the rights granted in this Agreement,
you are agreeing to the foregoing and representing and warranting that you are
not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country
to which the United States has embargoed good or services or similar
restrictions, and you are not identified as a “Specially Designated National”
by OFAC, you are not placed on the U.S. Commerce Department’s Denied Persons
List or any similar lists, and you will not access or use the Software if any
applicable laws in your country prohibit you from doing so in accordance with
this Agreement or limit the terms of this Agreement.

11.  GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  All Software is deemed to be “commercial
computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,”
respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as
applicable. Any use, modification, reproduction, release, performance,
display, transfer or disclosure of the Software by any agency, department or
other entity of any government, shall be governed solely by the terms of this
Agreement and shall be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by
the terms herein or in a writing signed by an authorized signatory on behalf
of Isovalent. No other rights are granted.

12.  MISCELLANEOUS.  This Agreement contains the complete agreement between you
and Isovalent regarding the Software and supersedes all prior agreements and
representations between you and Isovalent regarding the Software.  This
Agreement may only be amended and any provision may only be waived by a
writing executed by both parties.  You agree to promptly provide Isovalent
with all information and documentation that Isovalent requests to verify your
compliance with this Agreement.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to
be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be reformed to the limited extent
necessary to make it enforceable.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of California, without regard to its
conflicts of laws provisions.  The courts located in the County of San
Francisco, California, will have exclusive jurisdiction and venue under this
Agreement, except that either party may institute a claim for equitable
remedies, including injunctive relief and specific performance, in any court
of competent jurisdiction.  You may not assign or transfer any part of this
Agreement to any third party.  Isovalent may assign and transfer this
Agreement without consent in its discretion.  Any breach of this Agreement by
you would cause irreparable injury to Isovalent for which no adequate remedy
at law exists, and you agree that equitable remedies, including injunctive
relief and specific performance, are appropriate remedies to redress any such
breach or threatened breach, in addition to all other remedies available.  As
used herein, “including” means “including without limitation”.
